error: splitted error_message document, added error message format (#2684)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/decisions/error_message_format.md

> # Error message & handling concept

Reviewer: Again the title here does not match the file name (and also not the content).

## Problem

Too verbose error message
Currently for every error, 9 lines are shown in which most of them are not relevant to end users/administrators. One goal
is to reduce the verbosity of such messages and let users/administrators see only information they need.

## Constraints

- Supporting multiple programming languages
- Plugin System
- Error Code should be preserved

## Assumptions

## Considered Alternatives

Possible variations on what message should be displayed,

> eg. to keep the mountpoint information or on how wordings should be (with or without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g., to keep the mountpoint information or on how wordings should be (with or without
```

> "Sorry, ...", coloring of certain parts of a message, etc.)

Reviewer: Make a list of considered alternatives.

Author: The alternatives are pretty much endless on how you can rearrange an error message. I added some examples but I think it's is not feasible to list all possible variations of is possible for every field.

Reviewer: The list of alternatives is always endless. It is about listing the *useful* but nevertheless discarded alternatives.

Description: validation failed
Reason: Validation of key "<key>" with string "<value>" failed.
Ingroup: plugin
Module: enum
At: ....../src/plugins/enum/enum.c:218
Mountpoint: <parentKey>
Configfile: ...../<file>.25676:1549919217.284067.tmp
```

The new default message will look like this:

```
Sorry, plugin <PLUGIN> issued [error|warning] code <NR>:
Validation of key "<key>" with string "<value>" failed.
```

The <NR> will be the color red in case of an error or yellow in case of a warning
while <PLUGIN> will be the color blue.

Optionally a third line indicating a solution can be added. Eg. for a permission related error there would be a third line:

```
Possible Solution: Retry the command as sudo (sudo !!)
```

To avoid losing information, the user can use the command line argument `-v` (verbose) to show
`Mountpoint`, `Configfile` in addition to the current error message.
Furthermore a developer can use the command line argument `-d` (debug)
to show `At` for debugging purposes.

## Rationale

The new error message is much more succinct which gives end users more relevant information.
Furthermore the solution approach still holds all necessary information if requested by users.

> `Ingroup`, `Description` and `Module` will be removed from the error message as they provide no useful

Reviewer: This is Implication not Rationale? Description needs to be ported into Reason.
